Add Crystal Language, deepstreamHub, dynamorio and WRF files. (#200)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/WRF.md

Author: As mentioned in [this](https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/pull/1301) PR that aarch64 related stuff was added. The PR got merged in dec 2020 and the next release after the merge is v4.2.2 on jan 2021. Let's test v4.2.2 if that also works on ARM64/Neoverse N1.

---

> name: WRF 

Author: ```suggestion
name: Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF) 
```

category: HPC 
description: Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF) model is a numerical weather prediction (NWP) system designed for both atmospheric research and operational forecasting applications. 
download_url: https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v4.3.2
    release_date: 12/15/2021

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.mmm.ucar.edu/models/wrf
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://community.arm.com/arm-community-blogs/b/high-performance-computing-blog/posts/bringing-wrf-up-to-speed-with-arm-neoverse
        partner_content: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/hpc/numerical-weather-prediction-on-aws-graviton2/
        official_docs: https://www.mmm.ucar.edu/models/wrf/support
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date: 

optional_hidden_info:

>     release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/releases/tag/v4.3.2

Author: check this for aarch64 support: https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/pull/1301

    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: As mentioned in this(https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/pull/1301) PR that aarch64 support was added. The PR got merged in dec 2020 and the next release after the merge is v4.2.2. While testing V4.2.2(https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/releases/tag/v4.2.2) version with tar file, it supports arm64.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: AArch64 support was added in the PR(https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/pull/1301). The PR got merged in Dec 2020 and the next release after the merge is v4.2.2. Tested v4.2.2(https://github.com/wrf-model/WRF/releases/tag/v4.2.2) version and it works on AArch64.
```
